Little brat
Do you think it's not enough to drag down our Jiang family?
Why don't you come back?
Lord Long Xie's family wants revenge
I will pick it up
But you must never let Meng Zhu marry another man
pick up
What to pick up
Don't think you're lucky enough to come up with a billion
Introducing my father, but he took the governor
His grandfather
Let's meet this princess
The Xie family wants to kill you
Easier than the horse of the god of wealth in a day
No matter where the Xie family is
Can't tear my mother apart
Besides, I'm alone.
Not afraid
What a big breath
Why did you sign it?
If I don't come
Let you
My son is you
Even if you give me 10 guts
You offer your loved ones
It's all him
Did I get you to talk?
Just go
Jiang Hailong! Jiang Hailong
You remember me.
Your what
Haicheng Overlord
In my eyes, it is
If my son hadn't taken a fancy to your daughter
You're not even qualified to talk to me on your knees
just now
You hit my son
That's right, kid
court death